welcome back to mrs rundown in today's video i am
going to be recapping the events of notting hill
a 1999 comedy romance film spoilers ahead you
have been warned now like the video and subscribe
to the channel if you enjoy this video william
thacker owns a travel bookstore in notting hill
london his wife has left him for another man and
he now shares his house with a flaky man named
spike he meets hollywood actress anna scott when
she enters his shop anna buys a book and will give
her an extra book for free she thanks him and
leaves will is in shock and can't believe his
encounter with anna scott after a few minutes
he decides to go out to buy some orange juice
while walking back he accidentally bumps into her
she is furious unapologetic will asks if she wants
to clean herself up in his house that's right over
the road she initially refuses but will insists
after changing at his house anna thanks him
for his help and leaves after 30 seconds the
doorbell rings it's anna she forgot her other
bag suddenly they stare into each other's eyes
and in an unexpected way anna impulsively kisses
him then she bids him goodbye and leaves later
will receives a call from anna and she invites
him to visit her at the ritz hotel however when
he arrives will is mistaken for a reporter and
ushered into a press junket for anna's new film
he pretends to interview her and the other cast
members as a writer from horse and hound magazine
will asks her if she'd like to go out on a date
with him tonight but then he remembers it's his
sister's birthday and he can she then asks to
be his date at his sister's birthday dinner that
evening later on they go to the birthday dinner
where anna gets on well with will's friends and
sister after the dinner anna and will leave and
they climb a fence to enter a private neighborhood
park where anna again kisses will while on
a date the next night they overhear three
men at first praising and then disparaging anna
equating actresses to prostitutes will walks over
and criticizes them defending anna and as he and
anna leave anna turns around comes back introduces
herself and calmly insults the stun trio anna
invites will up to her hotel room but their
plans change when her movie star boyfriend jeff
king of whom will was unaware has unexpectedly
arrived from america to be with her will's friends
try to help him get over his disappointment and
over the next six months they set him up on
a series of dates but he cannot forget anna
one day a distraught anna appears at will's
doorstep needing to hide from a tabloid
scandal she apologizes for the hotel incident
telling him her relationship with king is over
they enjoy spending time together discover
shared interests and discuss will's print of
mark chagall's 1950 painting la marie they sleep
together that night but reporters inadvertently
tipped off by spike besiege wills house and take
pictures of him anna and of spike half-dressed
at the front door furious anna blames will tells
him she regrets coming there for help and leaves
months pass will remains miserable at a dinner
with his friends he discovers that anna is back
in london making a film a period henry james
rendition something he had suggested to her
he visits her shoot where anna sees him and
invites him past security to watch him to
talk privately afterwards but will overhears
her dismiss him to a co-star and so he leaves
without further contact the next day anna
comes to the bookshop with a wrapped gift
will tells her what he overheard at the movie set
and she explains that she did not want to discuss
her private life with an indiscreet co-star she
then confesses that she loves him and pleads to
rekindle their relationship now afraid he will be
too hurt if she leaves him again he rejects her
will meets his friends and sister in a restaurant
with the open gift chagall's original la marie
they act supportive and half-heartedly back up
his decision until spike arrives and calls him
a daft prick will fully realizes his mistake
they all race across london finding anna at a
press conference at the savoy hotel will arrives
in time to hear anna's publicist say that anna
will be taking a year off and will be leaving
the uk that night a reporter asked about thacker
based on the controversial photographs of them on
her last trip and anna says they are just friends
will again pretending to be a horse and hound
reporter asks anna if she would consider being
more than friends if he admitted to having
been a daft prick and begged her forgiveness
she says she would then asks to be asked
again how long she plans to stay in england
she answers indefinitely anna and will mary
attend a hollywood red carpet event and when anna
becomes pregnant spend quiet time on the bench
in the park they had visited on their first date
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it subscribe
to the channel if you want to see more of these
movie summaries it really helps the channel out